# CybersecurityProject
Project Overview This week, students will work on their final project by completing the following tasks:  Implement the alerts and thresholds they determined would be effective in Project 2. Assess two more vulnerable VMs and verify that the alert rules work as expected. Use Wireshark to analyze live malicious traffic on the wire.  In Project 2, students attacked a vulnerable VM and analyzed the associated logs with Kibana. They concluded the project with a summary of vulnerabilities they discovered, excerpts from Kibana showing their exploits in action, and a set of suggested alerts for the SOC team to implement in the future.   Like Project 2, this week's challenge requires students to assess vulnerable VMs and analyze data in Kibana. However, the vulnerable machines on this network expose vulnerable web servers rather than vulnerable network services. Students will use Kibana to not only analyze logs, but also set and test alerts.   This week, students will exploit a vulnerable WordPress installation. This task will bring them yet another step closer to a real-world penetration testing scenario. They will implement alerts in Kibana before performing their assessments. This implementation will allow students to see dashboard alerts in real-time. After completing the alerting and penetration testing portions of the project, they will use Wireshark to capture and analyze live traffic on the virtual network.   This project requires a lot of work. Encourage students to try to complete all the work in the alloted time. However, it is understandable if only more advance students reach and complete the Wireshark analysis section. If students do not complete all of the assignments during class time, they should complete unfinished work for homework. Be sure to emphasize the magnitude of this achievement: the topics covered in this assignment are the foundation of modern cybersecurity, and students now have experience with all of them. While this was true for was Project 2 as well, this assignment represents has a considerable increase in scope.
